[FEATURE] Restructure Main Menu (#160)
TYPO3-Documentation/DocsTypo3Org-Homepage: Documentation/Home/CreatingManagingContent.rst

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

.. _creatingmanagingcontent:

===========================
Creating & Managing Content
===========================

> The creation and management of pages and content are both handled within the Page module. Pages and page content can also be localized from the Page module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The creation and management of pages and content are both handled within the Page module. Pages and page content can also be localized from the Page module.
```
```suggestion

```
Can we remove this entirely?

            -  `10.4 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/tutorial-editors/10.4/en-us/Pages/Index.html>`__
            -  `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/tutorial-editors/9.5/en-us/Pages/Index.html>`__

   .. container:: col-md-6 pl-0 pr-3 py-3 m-0

      .. container:: card px-0 h-100

         .. rst-class:: card-header

            .. rubric:: Content

         .. container:: card-body

            The Content Creation Guide shows how page content is created in the form of Content Elements.

         .. container:: card-footer pb-0

            .. rst-class:: horizbuttons-striking-m

            -  `11-dev <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/tutorial-editors/master/en-us/ContentElements/Index.html>`__
            -  `10.4 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/tutorial-editors/10.4/en-us/ContentElements/Index.html>`__
            -  `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/tutorial-editors/9.5/en-us/ContentElements/Index.html>`__

   .. container:: col-md-6 pl-0 pr-3 py-3 m-0

      .. container:: card px-0 h-100

         .. rst-class:: card-header

            .. rubric:: Localizing Pages & Content

         .. container:: card-body

>             The Localization Guide covers everything need to add additional languages to a TYPO3 site allowing content and pages
>             to be translated into an almost limitless number of languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            The Localization Guide covers everything needed to add additional languages to a TYPO3 site, and how to translate content and pages.
```
Just removing some of the 'salesy' stuff.

         .. container:: card-footer pb-0

            .. rst-class:: horizbuttons-striking-m

            -  `11-dev <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/guide-frontendlocalization/master/en-us/>`__
            -  `10.4 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/guide-frontendlocalization/10.4/en-us/>`__
            -  `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/guide-frontendlocalization/9.5/en-us/>`__

   .. container:: col-md-6 pl-0 pr-3 py-3 m-0

      .. container:: card px-0 h-100

         .. rst-class:: card-header

            .. rubric:: Forms

         .. container:: card-body

>             With the Form Framework, creating and customizing forms is easy.
>             The Form Framework allows non-technical as well technical users to create and extend complex web forms
>             directly from TYPO3's backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            The Form Framework allows non-technical as well technical users to create and extend complex web forms
            directly from TYPO3's backend.
```
We want to keep thing objective, which means avoiding the word 'easy'.
